Brother Xiaoyu and his wife quarreled at the end of the bed and
No feuds
An apology can resolve
How can he be as sensible as you?
I couldn't make sense of it.
But Tongtong treats you very well.
Besides, you're not independent because of him
Does it take personality to like him?
Love and marriage are still different
If only I had known that marriage was like this
I might as well not get married
Brother Xiaoyu, you are drunk
Hmph I'm not guilty
People say that to marry a wife, you must marry a virtuous one
If I had chosen you
Excuse me.
I'm a little drunk, I'll go back first
Brother Xiaoyu
All these years I've been thinking
If I had bravely confessed
Could it be me who married you?
Are our lives completely different?
Are you drunk?
I don't have I like you
I have always liked you
Although you and Tongtong are married now
But I have always regretted my choice
If we didn't miss it
What happens?
Lin Yue
There is no if in the world
The past is gone
No matter what regret or misunderstanding
Will not affect the current result
We should all cherish the people in front of us
Be responsible for the current people
Don't you look at other people's security
What about you? You're not even a KTV lady
If Brother Xiaoyu had chosen me
How did I become like this?